Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#247)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/configuration-driven-maps-framework/index.md

---
title: "Configuration Driven Maps framework | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes the configuration driven maps framework and provides the configuration file format, examples, and additional references."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Describes the configuration driven maps framework and provides the configuration file format, examples, and related topics."
```
